:book: Add CAPI Operator Quickstart (#9706)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/user/quick-start.md

## Installation

> There are two major quickstart paths:  Using clusterctl or the Cluster API Operator.  
> 
> The Cluster API Operator is a Kubernetes Operator designed to empower cluster administrators to handle the lifecycle of Cluster API providers within a management cluster using a declarative approach. It aims to improve user experience in deploying and managing Cluster API, making it easier to handle day-to-day tasks and automate workflows with GitOps.
> 
> Continue on with this article for the `clusterctl` path or visit the [CAPI Operator quickstart] instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two major quickstart paths:  Using clusterctl or the Cluster API Operator.  
 
 This article describes a path that uses the `clusterctl` CLI tool to handle the lifecycle of a Cluster API [management cluster](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/glossary#management-cluster).

The clusterctl command line interface is specifically designed for providing a simple “day 1 experience” and a quick start with Cluster API. It automates fetching the YAML files defining [provider components](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/glossary#provider-components) and installing them.

Additionally it encodes a set of best practices in managing providers, that helps the user in avoiding mis-configurations or in managing day 2 operations such as upgrades.

The Cluster API Operator is a Kubernetes Operator built on top of clusterctl and designed to empower cluster administrators to handle the lifecycle of Cluster API providers within a management cluster using a declarative approach. It aims to improve user experience in deploying and managing Cluster API, making it easier to handle day-to-day tasks and automate workflows with GitOps. Visit the [CAPI Operator quickstart] if you want to experiment with this tool.
```

Moved clusterctl first and provided a small introduction about it, so the user has more context about which option to choose
